Check in 08.04
            Not sure if this will be valuable time, really struggling with being able to focus after a long day building in the heat. one of my main issues is trying the remember these funcitons, I know we downloaded and initialized things, but I cannot remember exactly how those went, and know they were frought with strife. Thinking back months is killing me. 
        Yesterday: Nothing 
        Today: 
            Setup some of my structure, including bringing over skeletons for index, css, html, and folders.
            Patched over the crunchy stuff, json packages, pipfiles, vite.config, db.py, eslint, gitignores. 
        Holdup: 
            Getting everything running. Importing pipfiles from shrinkray today, we shall see if that helps.
            Pipenv seemed to run the shell, and download fastapi and uvicorn successfully, and they showed up in Pipfile, but Terminal cannot seem to find either the file, or the command python. 
        Notes: 
            Do I need to create the .env and .gitignore files? Supabase I assume is needed, it would generate a new secret key correct? 
            Ignore github concerns. Found.

Check in 08.06
    Yesterday: Nothing 
    Today: 
        Not a lot, didn't have much time but did some reading and fussed around, mostly unsuccessfully.
    Holdup: 
        The setup is KILLING ME. 

Check in 08.10
    Yesterday: Nothing 
    Today: 
        Really hoping I can get a meeting tomorrow to help walking through the setup of things. So today, Im just going to be just focusing on trying to get some roots or pages worked out, so that when Im online I can start moving through CSS and making sure the HTML is what I want
        Got all my components put in, and tweaked to be what I think I want. Still need to do some CSS, and see if the colors fit. 
    Holdup: 
        Questions: In the jsx, we have the Aunthintication "call" in the middle of the list, but don't have to call a new list for that. I guess not a question but weird. 

Check in 08-11
    Yesterday
        Got all my components coded, maybe some slight CSS changes, but minimal. I will need to call the Links/Routes once those are built 
    Today: 
        Starting with pages today. Still need to do my Crop pages: probably crop_addition, crop_maintenance, and current_crops? I want the path to be 
        Home/Landing Page
        --> current_crops
            -->crop maintenance 
                I need to find out how to just have this call which crop is being maintained... 
            --> crop_addition 
                this would add a new plant into the mainframe. 
        First checkin, hoping to take and work through some Routes while my wife drives to the doctor but we'll see if I get too carsick. 
        Hangups/Questions: 
            why do some of the pages in shrinkray have semi-colons to end and others dont? 
            Need to find a good tutorial of setting up node npm or whatever it was, along with python and pip shell. 
    
notes from 08.12.25
    Tokens in API is a good place to start looking at how time works in apps and understanding tracking. 
    The session and tokens created have a timeout, watering schedule or harvesting schedule could possibly 
    run on the same system?

    Git not finding the stupid files it already knows has changes is driving me up a wall. 
    Between that and not knowing how to start python, 
    it's a wonder it can find any bloody thing at all. 

notes 08.13.25
notes from 8.16.25
    Holy cow I am not 6 days from a finished project. 

    Notes: 
        Looks like we started the shrinkray API on day 1 of week 15. 

        Should line 15 of main.py (API side) not read config.py?

Notes from 08.17
    the 16th was a hard day. Felt very behind, drowning, and failing at everything. I wanted to get started earlier today, didn't happen, 
but I think the afternoon off with my girls was needed, and allowed my headspace to clear. Here we go. 

I got aggrivated and camel broke when the npm created a folder, I am hoping I can move into that with my material 

notes from 08.18
    UI still not working, finally fished all the mess out of the github, apparently I had .git files 
    breeding like cockroaches and hiding everywhere. 
    After hours I make the decision to scrap the frontend and restart. As of now, it's working. Finger crossed it stays. 
    Final note. Its 10:30. Im beat. It isn't working, console tells that the clerk plug in isn't providing "SingIn" just realized thats a misspelling. UGH. 
    Rats. now it says export not provided, 'ClerkProviderWithRoutes". 

notes 0819
    Hard evening but finally feel like I am making progress. 
    utils.py in backend...
        missing pylance import? 
    He is using sqlalchemy, Ill have to reinterpret as Supabase
        it looks like the way we did it for shrinkray was config.py which called db.py, 
        as well as pulling from .env to get the secret key and url for postgres subapase. 
        I am officially calling it as of 2146, it's been almost 4 hours at this tonight. Tired.

notes 0820
    well, starting and I have a bunch of things broken, when they were clean last night. Gremlins. 
    Nope. I do remember it was broken. Bunch of pylance stuff. 
    said it was angry at Pylance, which is pat of vscode, seems to work despite. 
    Not as much accomplished as I as hoping, but after some reading, I think I might understand databases more. 
        Didn't have time to watch the class video, which I would like to, I have a framework built on Supabase, we shall see if I did it right
        and if I can connect it.

notes 0821
    here we go. 
    I don't really want the quota info, but. I think trying to pull it out will 
        destroy more than I can fix, so It will have to comes out with the wheat. 
        Maybe set it very high, that way it doesn't even actually show? 
    Will need to remove the AI too. 

